 Page     1   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
VENDOR’S PROPOSAL FOR EQUIPMENT AND/OR MATERIALS SHALL BE IN STRICT ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITIONS STATED IN THIS REQUISITION AND ANY ATTACHED DOCUMENTS. EXCEPTIONS, DEVIATIONS 
AND ALTERNATIVES WILL BE VALID ONLY IF APPROVED IN WRITING BY PURCHASER. ARTICLES MARKED 
WITH “X” HEREUNDER ARE APPLIED AS CONDITIONS OF THIS REQUISITION. 
 
 
1. Name of Client : PTT GLOBAL CHEMICAL 
  
2. Plant and Location : PTTGC Branch 2 and Branch 3, Map Ta Phut 
 Industrial Estate, Rayong, Thailand 
 
 
3. Equipment and/or Materials Inquired 
 
Item No. Description Q’ty (units) 
 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger 
(Please see equipment list) 
2 
TOTAL 2 Units 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
        
0 2-Sep-16 For  Inquiry Sekson W     
REV. DATE DESCRIPTION MADE BY CHECKED MGR PEM PM 
 Page     2   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
4. Documents Attached to this Requisition 
 
Engineering Specifications and documents referred to in Table 1 LIST OF APPLICABLE ENGINEERING 
SPECIFICATIONS AND/OR DOCUMENTS shall form an integral part of this REQUISITION.  
 
Table 1:  LIST OF APPLICABLE ENGINEERING SPECIFICATIONS AND/OR DOCUMENTS 
Doc. No. Rev. Title Pages Remarks 
<Data Sheet > : Attachment-1 : Refer to Equipment List   
~ ~ SHORT SPECIFICATION FOR HEAT 
EXCHANGER   
<Engineering Specification> : Attachment-2   
GCEP-GN-003 F2 BASIC ENGINEERING DESIGN DATA 32  
GCEP-GN-006 F1 EQUIPMENT PRESERVATION 12  
GCEP-PP-004 F1 INSULATION 108  
GCEP-PP-005 F3 PAINTING 37  
GCEP-PP-008 F1 WELDING 22  
GCEP-PP-013 F2 PIPE STRESS ANALYSIS (PARTIAL) 2  
GCEP-EE-017 F2 CATHODIC PROTECTION SYSTEMS 26  
GCEP-CS-002 F2 DESIGN LOAD AND CRITERIA 28  
GCEP-CS-012 F2 STRUCTURAL STEEL DESIGN FABRICATION AND ERECTION 23 
 
GCEP-SE-012 F2 MATERIAL CERTIFICATION AND POSSITIVE MATERIAL IDENTIFICATION 17 
 
GCEP-SE-006 F3 UNFIRED PRESSURE VESSEL 57  
GCEP-SE-005 F3 PALTE HEAT EXCHANGERS 14  
- - APPROVAL VENDOR LIST BULK MATERIAL (PARTIAL) 16 
 
- - P&ID 1  
 
<Project Procedure> : Attachment-3 
 
 
~ 0 Vendor Print Handing Procedure Later  
~ 0 Project Coordination Procedure Between TTCL and Vendor Later 
 
~ 0 General Packing and Marking Procedure Later  
~ 0 Shop Inspection Procedure Later  
~ 0 Shop Inspection and Test Plan Later  
   Total Later  
 
 
 
 Page     3   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
5. : Documents to be Submitted with Vendors Quotation 
  
5.1 : General 
  
All documents and drawings shall be written in English and be submitted in one original and two copies. 
All documents and drawings shall state the name of Client (end user), Job No., Req. No., Item No. and the 
name of the equipment and/or materials. 
 
5.2 : Pricing Structure 
 
 Price shall be broken down as follows; 
 (x) Equipment proper with accessories as specified in attached specification sheets 
  - Design & Engineering cost, including documentation. 
 
 - Equipment cost 
- Material Cost 
- Fabrication cost 
  - Inspection and test. 
  - Painting and Cleaning cost 
  - Special tools for erection, operation and maintenance 
 
(x) Seaworthy Export Packing and Transportation up to CIF Learm Cha Bang port, Thailand (for Off-
shore vendor) 
 (x) Domestic Packing and transportation based on DDU at JOB site (for On-shore vendor)  
 The following items shall be quoted separately.  
 (x) Spare parts for Commissioning ( Recommended by Vendor ) 
 (x) Spare parts for Two (2) year operation ( Recommended by Vendor ) 
 (x) 
(x) 
(x) 
(x) 
(  ) 
Third Party inspection  
PMI examination of alloy materials and welds (Option) 
ASME Code Stamp (Option) 
Nitrogen purging for transportation 
Unit price (per Kg) of Platform and Ladder (Galvanized with Painting, Grating type, including design 
drawing and fabrication) 
 
5.3  Specifications and Information 
  
Vendor shall submit the specification and information shown below; 
 (x) Detailed scope of supply and work 
 (x) General assembly drawing for each item including; 
  - Design condition and Technical description 
  - Material construction for each part 
  - Utility consumption information 
  - Weight, empty weight and total weight full water 
   - Thickness of pressure-retaining parts 
 
(x) 
(x) 
   Civil Information including Loading Data, Anchor Bolt Plan. 
   Outline drawing 
 (x)    Delivery condition and schedule. 
 (x) Terms and Condition of payment. 
 (x) Vendor’s reference 
 (x) Catalogue / company profile 
 (x) Deviations or alternatives, if any. 
 (x) Potential sub-vendor list for forging, plate and pipe material used for pressure part (Note 1) 
 (x) Potential sub-vendor list for head forming and other manufacturing to be sublet (Note 1) 
 (x) Overall manufacturing schedule 
 (x) List of recommended spare parts for Commissioning with price, if required. 
 (x) List of recommended spare parts for Two (2) year operation with price 
 
(x) Preliminary estimation of net and gross shipping weights of each piece of equipment (including 
packing for shipment, if any) and the overall dimensions of each packing 
   
 Note 1: Purchaser has the right to reject sub-vendor, if his capability is judged poor or not proven. 
 Page     4   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
6. Scope of Supply and Work 
 
6.1   Scope of Supply 
 
(x) Equipment proper with support and accessories 
(  ) Internals indicated on Assembly drawings or Equipment specification sheets. 
(x) Foundation bolts/nuts or Setting bolts/nuts  
(x) Name plate and its support 
(x) Stainless steel earth lugs (min. two (2) per each item) 
(x)  Lifting lug or lifting hole for installation / handling (min. two (2) lugs per item) 
(  )   Sliding plate for slide side 
(  )   Platform, Ladder and Handrail (Option unit price per Kg), (Galvanized with Painting, Grating type) 
(  )   Painting material for platforms, Stair ways, ladders, ladder Cages, stair trades, safety gates and handrails 
shall be hot dip galvanized 
(  )   Lug for Platform, Ladder and Handrail 
(x)   Insulation and/or fire protection support, if required 
(x)   Expansion Joint, if required. 
(  )   Jack bolt, Dowel pin, Pulling eye-bolt and plug for removable tube bundle 
(  )   Test ring for removable tube bundle type or floating head type heat exchanger  
           (x)   Painting material for Carbon steel and Stainless steel part as per project specification 
(x) Stainless Steel parts, all surfaces shall be cleaned and welded seams shall be pickled and passivated 
(  )   Personal protection sheet, if required 
(x)   Shroud  
(x)   Dip Tray  
(x) Fittings for transportation including ; 
(x) Steel covers for nozzle opening, bolts/nuts min. 4 sets and gaskets with plastic wrap for shipping 
(x) Wooden box or crate for transportation 
(  ) Cradle  
(  ) Lifting beam and/or spread bar, if necessary  
(x) Wooden belts for sling the exchangers  
(x) Others as per specification or vendor’s standard, if no specification is provided 
(x) Special tools and fittings for site assembling, if necessary 
(x) Spare parts necessary for commissioning (Option : Separately quoted) 
(x) Plate Gasket : Recommended by Vendor 
(x) Spare bolt/nut and gaskets : Recommended by Vendor 
(x) Others  : Recommended by Vendor 
(x) Spare parts for 2-years operation (Option : Separately quoted) 
(x) Plate Gasket : Recommended by Vendor 
(x) Spare bolt/nut and gaskets : Recommended by Vendor 
(x) Others  : Recommended by Vendor 
 
6.2   Scope of Work 
 
(x) Design (performance, strength calculation and detail design) including documentation 
(  )   Design drawing and fabrication of platform and ladder (Option unit price per Kg) 
(x)   Code calculation for all pressure retaining parts 
(x)   Structural calculations for internals, lifting lugs, and transportation fitting 
(x)   Stability check of heat exchanger and support for wind/seismic load 
(x)   Stability check of heat exchanger and support at transportation loading & unloading and erection 
(x)   Strength calculation under hydrostatic test condition at shop/site 
(x)   Local stress analysis at shell around attachment such as lifting lug/tailing lugs, saddle for shop hydrostatic 
test and transportation etc. 
(  )   Flow induced vibration of bundle when specified 
(x) Workmanship guarantee 
(x) Materials procurement 
(x) Manufacturing 
(x) Inspection and test at shop (Non Destructive Examination (NDE)) 
(x)   Post weld heat treatment, if required 
(x)   PMI (Positive Material Identification) 
 Page     5   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
(x)   Local stress analysis around nozzle by WRC 107/297 and indicated in your Drawing 
(x) Painting for Carbon Steel and Stainless Steel as per project specification  
(x) Primer coat (x) Intermediate coat (x) Final coat 
(x) Chemical cleaning for stainless steel parts 
(x)   Rust prevention of internals proper for transportation and storing as per specification or vendor standard,   
if not specified 
(  ) Filling VPI (Volatile Phasing Inhibitor) as per Specification. 
(  ) Filling desiccant (Silica gel) 
(x) Nitrogen (N2) charge at 0.4 Kg/cm2 with valve and two (2) pressure gauge (Option : Separately quoted) 
(x)   ASME Code stamp (Option : Separately quoted) 
(  ) Supervising at site for installation of internals at site 
(x) Third Party Inspection (Option : Separately quoted) 
(x) For offshore vendor  
(x)   Seaworthy export packing  
(x)   Transportation up to CIF, Leam Cha Bang port, Thailand 
(x)   Export customs clearance 
(x)   To obtain any export license or other official authorization for exportation 
(x)   For onshore vendor 
       (x)   Transportation up to DDU at job site, excluded of unloading to equipment foundation at job site  
 
6.3 Out of Scope (Purchaser’s Supply) 
 
(x) All site erection work 
(x) Instrumentation 
(x) Insulation material 
(x)   Fire protection material 
(x)   Civil work (concrete foundation) 
 
7. Deviation from Purchaser’s Requirements 
 
Vendor’s proposal shall be in strict conformity with Purchaser’s requirements.  Unless exceptions, deviations 
or alternatives are clearly identified or listed in Vendor’s proposal, the requirements and conditions in this 
requisition shall be deemed to be accepted by Vendor. 
 
7.1 Deviation of Design Code 
 
 Deviation of design code is ; 
 (  ) Not accepted 
(x) Accepted if such deviation reduces the price and/or fabrication schedule of the inquired items. However, 
design code shall be limited to; 
(x) Any local design rule  
(  ) ASME Sec. VIII Div. 2 
(  ) BS5500 
(  ) AD Merkablatt 
 
7.2 Deviation of Construction Material Code 
 
 Deviation of material code is ; 
(x) Not accepted 
(  ) Accepted if such deviation reduces the price and/or fabrication schedule of the inquired items. Vendor 
shall issue the evidence to provide the equivalency of alternative material along with the quotation. 
Design code shall be limited to; 
(  ) Any material code  
(  ) BS Code 
(  ) DIN Code 
(  )    JIS Code 
 
 
 Page     6   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
8. Documents Required after Purchase Order 
 
8.1 General 
 
8.1.1 All documents and drawings shall state the name of Client (end user), TTCL’s Job No., Req No.,    
             Item No. and description of the equipment and/or material. 
8.1.2 All documents shall be written in English language. 
8.1.3 Documents shall be submitted in the following number of sets: 
 
For Information:                  1 Original 4 Copies 
For Approval/Review  1 Original 4 Copies 
For Final / Final   1 Original 4 Copies with 2 Sets of CD (Note: 2)  
Inspection/Test Record   1 Original 4 Copies 
 
 
 Note 2: All equipment’s drawings (Electronic file), submitted for Final rev. and/or As built, shall be   
 generated on CAD software. All Equipment’s document (Electronic file), submitted for Final rev., 
shall be required & generated on Microsoft program. 
8.1.4 The following units shall be applied as the measurement system in all aspects; 
 
(  ) Metric and Celsius unit 
(x) SI unit 
(  ) Refer to specification (              ) 
(x) Inch and pound system for pipe size and pressure temperature rating as exception 
 
8.2 Documents Required and Schedule 
 
8.2.1 All documents shall be furnished and arrive at Purchaser’s office in accordance with the following conditions 
as specified in the attached List of Documents Required : 
 
(1) Technical documents; 
 (x) as specified in the attached List of document/drawing required and schedule 
 (  ) as informed later 
 
 (2) Documents related to manufacturing progress and shipping schedule including; 
 Issue within weeks  
- Vendor organization 2 weeks after P/O 
- Overall manufacturing schedule 2 weeks after P/O 
- Suborder list with sub-vendors 4 weeks after P/O 
- Monthly progress report (cut-off date 20th) 
- Vendor Print Index & Schedule (VPIS) 
at 22th of each month 
2 weeks after P/O 
 
(3) Documents related to inspection 
 Issue within weeks  
- Overall Inspection Schedule 4 weeks after P/O 
- Monthly Inspection progress report 
 (cut-off date 20th) 
at 22th of each month 
- Application for inspection and test; 2 weeks before test 
- Inspection / Test Record; 1 week after final inspection 
 
(4) Documents related to packing and shipment ; 
 Issue within weeks  
- Perform packing list 2 weeks prior to shipment 
- Application of packing inspection; 1 weeks prior to shipment 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page     7   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
8.2.2 Approval of Vendor’s Documents 
 
The documents to be approved by Purchaser shall be submitted with a mark “For Approval”. 
one (1) copy of such documents will be returned to Vendor after Purchaser’s stamping with either 
“Approved”, “Approved as Noted” or “Not Approved” within two (2) weeks from the receipt. 
 
“Approved as Noted” means: Vendor shall revise the documents in accordance with Purchaser’s 
comments, and shall resubmit them within two (2) weeks from the receipt. Unless otherwise specified, 
Vendor may proceed with manufacturing work subject to incorporation of the comments.  
 
“Not Approved” means: Vendor shall revise the documents and drawings in accordance with 
Purchaser’s comments, and shall resubmit them within two (2) weeks from the receipt. Manufacturing shall 
not be proceeded at this stage 
 
8.2.3 Return 
 
TTCL will return to the Vendor, within (2) weeks after receiving Vendor print, one (1) copy of each Vendor 
print submitted, on which TTCL’s checking result and/or comments will indicate. 
 
Vendor print will be returned with specifying TTCL’s check results on VPCS using the following 
abbreviation while definite comments will be specified in each Vendor print 
a) “AP” which means that the Vendor print was approved by TTCL. Vendor shall submit the Vendor print 
in Final Vendor Print with the stamp as “FINAL”. 
b) “AN” which means that the Vendor Print was approved as note and/or with comments. Vendor shall 
correct/revise the Vendor Print according to TTCL note and/or comments and submit it as “FOR 
APPROVAL” by the date specified. 
c) “NA” which means that the Vendor Print was not approved. Vendor shall correct /revise and re-submit 
the Vendor Print as “FOR APPROVAL” by the date specified. 
d) “NR” which means the Vendor Print was received and will not be returned. No comment is there in the 
Vendor Print. 
 
8.2.4 Action required by Vendor on receiving returned Vendor Print 
 
a) When Vendor Print is approved (AP): 
Unless otherwise specified by TTCL, Vendor should proceed with manufacturing work, using the 
Vendor Print returned from TTCL. 
 
b) When Vendor Print is Approved as note (AN): 
Vendor shall correct/revise the Vendor Print in accordance with TTCL’s notes and/or comments, and 
shall re-submit it within two (2) weeks after its return as “FOR APPROVAL”. Unless otherwise 
specified by TTCL, Vendor should proceed with manufacturing work, using the Vendor Print returned 
from TTCL and following TTCL’s notes and/or comments. 
 
In case Vendor does not agree with TTCL’s notes and/or comments, Vendor shall inform TTCL thereof 
with justifiable reasons within one (1) week after their return. 
In case such dis-agreement notice is not made within this one (1) week period, TTCL notes and/or 
comments will be considered as accepted by Vendor and should be followed. 
 
c) When Vendor Print is not approved (NA): 
Vendor shall correct/revise the Vendor Print in accordance with TTCL’s instructions, and shall re-
submit it as “FOR APPROVAL” within two (2) weeks after its return. Unless otherwise specified by 
TTCL, Vendor shall not proceed with the manufacture at this stage. 
 
d) Vendor Print “FOR REVIEW” and “FOR INFORMATION” 
Vendor Print “FOR REVIEW” and “FOR INFORMATION” submitted to and returned by TTCL shall 
not be construed to have any influence on the start of manufacture by Vendor submit the Vendor Print 
as “FOR APPROVAL” by the date specified. 
 
e) “NR” which means the Vendor Print was received and will not be returned. 
No comment is there in the Vendor Print. 
 Page     8   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
9. Inspection and Tests 
 
  Inspection and tests shall be made by Vendor in accordance with; 
 
(x) Requirements specified in this requisition and/or  Engineering Specifications attached hereto 
(  ) Vendor’s proposed procedure approved by Purchaser. 
 
 
10. Technical Coordination Meeting 
 
After the order is awarded, Vendor shall, upon receipt of Purchaser’s notice, send a sufficient number of 
qualified personnel to Purchaser’s office at vendor’s cost to hold the technical coordination meeting(s) 
according to the follow schedule: 
 
Kick-Off Meeting                    :   (   ) day(s) after (   ) week(s) of Purchase Order  
    at TTCL’s head office  
Design Clarification Meeting  :    
 
 
11. Guarantee 
 
The Vendor shall guarantee (Mechanical & Performance Guarantee) that the equipment supplied by the 
Vendor conforms to the Purchaser’s specification, are new and of the best quality of their respective kinds, 
are free from faulty design, workmanship and material for a period of Twenty-four (24) months after delivery 
or Twelve (12) months after plant commercial operation date. 
 
In case of any proven defect originating with the design, material or workmanship, the Vendor shall bear on 
its own account for all expense aroused from repair or replacement as requested by Purchaser to permit the 
equipment to perform in accordance with the Purchaser’s specifications. Should the Equipment or any parts 
thereof be repaired or replaced to fulfill the foregoing guarantee, the Vendor shall renew the guarantee period 
of that repaired or replaced parts, which is Twelve (12) months from the complete repaired or replacing date. 
 
 
12. Penalties 
 
All liquidated damages are applicable on the total price of the Purchase Order including amendments. 
 
12.1 For supply of major documents 
In case of failure to meet the supply date; 
- Liquidated damages of 0.5% for each complete week of delay, up to maximum of 5% of the final 
Purchase Order amount will be charged to the Vendor. 
 
12.2 For supply of equipment 
In case of late delivery the following liquidated damages shall apply; 
- 0.5% of the Purchase Order amount for each complete week of delay, up to a maximum of 5% of the 
total Purchase Order amount. 
 
The totally liability of the Contractor for Liquidated damages for late completion of work and non-fulfillment 
of performance guarantees in aggregate shall not exceed fifteen (15%) of the total contract price. 
 
 
13. General Marking and Packing Instruction 
 
Packing shall be performed according to our “General Packing and Marking Instruction Standard”, which 
attach in this Requisition. 
 
Manufacturer’s standard packing can also be considered for economical reason, but should be approved by 
Purchaser / TTCL. Spare parts shall be packed separately 
 
 Page     9   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
14. Shipping Instruction 
 
Vendor shall prepare and submit all necessary shipping document as per TTCL’s shipping instruction to be 
attached to this Requisition 
 
The rental cost or incurred expanse will be charged to Vendor does not follow TTCL’s shipping instruction 
 
15.     Others 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the specification, data sheet and / or formal sketch, the under mentioned shall be 
complied. 
 
15.1. The thickness and weights indicated in the datasheet’s are indicative only. It is the seller’s responsibility and 
must be verified in calculations to be submitted by the successful bidder. The seller is responsible for the 
adequacy of all components to meet the requirements of the specification, of applicable codes, and of good 
engineering practice. 
 
15.2. Material Certification shall be as a minimum in accordance with ISO 10474 or EN 10204 type 3.1 
 
15.3. Exchanger shall be designed for the Fouling Resistance as specified in Data sheet. Unless otherwise 
specified, minimum Fouling Resistance shall be considered in accordance with API 662/ISO 15547 part 1. 
 
15.4. Carbon and Carbon Manganese Steels shall be supplied in the Normalized or Normalized and Tempered 
Condition. 
 
15.5. Minimum Corrosion Allowance of 3.5 mm shall be applied for Carbon Steel parts. 
 
15.6. Minimum thickness of Plate before pressing shall be 0.6 mm nominal. 
 
15.7. All Inlet and Out let Connections shall be Flanged Nozzle.  
 
15.8. Carbon Steels that are to be welded shall comply with the following requirements : 
 
 
 
15.9. Forged materials in Low Carbon Steels shall have the Carbon Content limited to 0.23 percent and be Heat 
Treated in the Normalized condition. Marking “N” on the material is required. To denote material is 
normalized. 
 
15.10. Flanges used for nozzle shall be in accordance with ASME B16.5 and B16.47-Series B. Flanges shall have a 
Raised Face in accordance with ASME B16.5. 
 
15.11. All bolting threads used for all parts shall be ANSI Unify thread system. 
 
15.12. Tensile stress of anchor bolts shall not exceed 120 N/mm2 based on thread root area. 3mm of corrosion 
allowance shall be added on thread root diameter. 
 
15.13. Vendor has to recommended size and embeds length of foundation / setting bolt during engineering stage. 
 
15.14. Where fiber elongation exceed 5% cold form head of stainless steel and carbon steel solution annealing heat 
treatment and PWHT shall be performed. 
 
15.15. All solid plate and forging thickness 50 mm and over shall be examined by UT 
 
 
 Page     10   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
15.16. The minimum nozzle size, including vents, drains and auxiliary connections shall be 1-1/2 inch.    
2 inch nozzles and below shall be stiffened with at least two gusset plate. 
 
15.17. The minimum nozzle neck thickness for carbon steel and low alloy materials are as follow. 
2” N.B. and Below Long weld neck 
3” N.B. to 8” N.B. SCH 80 
Above 8” N.B.  Standard wall   
 
15.18. Erection loads the factor of safety for handling and erection shall not be less than 1.5 
 
15.19. Pressure vessels shall be design for full vacuum when they normally operate under vacuum or vacuum can 
occur. Steam out and/or steam condensate service shall also be designed for full vacuum. 
 
15.20. Nozzle load shall be considered. Stress analysis according to GCEP-PP-013_F2. 
 
15.21. For heat exchanger in water service tube side, the corrosion protection by means of sacrificial anodes / plate 
shall be provided. 
 
15.22. New gasket shall be used during Hydrostatic test with the same quality as operation conditions. 
 
15.23. All service bolts shall be supplied new and unused. These bolts shall not be used during the pressure testing 
of heat exchanger. 
 
15.24. Hydrostatic test shall be carried out using the type of gaskets and bolts/nuts which will be used in service. 
When girth flange joints are taken apart after a hydrostatic test, re-assembling and re-test for tightness are 
required with the new gaskets for operation service. 
 
15.25. When heat exchanger of austenitic stainless steel construction or are clad/lined with austenitic stainless steel 
are to be sested, the maximum chloride content shall not exceed 30 ppm. When heat exchanger of carbon 
steel or low alloy steel construction, the maximum chloride content shall not exceed 50 ppm. 
 
15.26. After hydrostatic test, heat exchanger shall be immediately drained and dried by using one of the follow 
A) Hot air drying 
B) Vacuum drying 
C) In furnace drying 
D) Nitrogen drying 
 
15.27. Surface preparation and painting shall be performed in accordance with specification GCEP-PP-005 Painting, 
Grit or shot blasting shall be applied for surface preparation. 
 
15.28. NDT of welds shall conform to Table 9.1 of GCEP-SE-006 as minimum. 
 
15.29. Minimum requirements for inspection and test plan shall be complied Appendix 7 of GCEP-SE-006. 
 
15.30. Flanged connections shall be protected against corrosion by the application of an easily removable rust 
preventative coating, and be provided with a rubber gasket and metal or wooden cover plates and secured 
with a minimum of 4 bolts. 
 
15.31. Outside surface of austenitic stainless steel equipment shall be wrapped by Plastic sheets or any suitable 
methods to protect Chloride from sea environment during sea transportation. 
 
15.32. Lifting lug holes shall clear insulation by an amount adequate to accommodate lift sling or clevis. 
 
15.33. All spare parts shall be packed separately from the equipment and shipped together with equipment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page     11   of    11 
 Requisition 
For 
Plate & Frame Heat Exchanger  
  Job No.      P-445 Req. No. P445-1100-R003 
 
List of Vendor Prints Required 
 
 Document Title Q’ty of Copies 
Check status 
(note1) 
Issue within  
weeks after P/O 
Final Document 
required 
(  ) Outline Drawing & Loading data 3 A ---- ---- 
(  ) Data Sheet 3 A ---- ---- 
(x) Overall Project Schedule 3 A 2 - 
(x) Vendor Print Index Schedule 3 A 2 - 
(x) Material purchase specification 3 R 4 - 
(x) Sub suppliers / Sub vendor list 3 R 4 - 
(x) Assembly and detail drawing  (Included Loading Data) 3 A 4 X 
(x) Performance & Mechanical calculation 3 A 4 X 
(x) Welding procedure specification (WPS), if any 3 A 8 (note2) X 
(x) Fabrication Sequence Diagram 3 A 8 (note2) - 
(x) Test result for welding procedure, if any 3 A 8 (note2) X 
(x) Welder list and Welder Qualification Result, if any 3 R 8 (note2) X 
(x) Positive material identification procedure, if any  3 - - - 
(x) Inspection and test plan 3 A 8 X 
(x) Test & inspection spec. incl. NDE procedures 3 A 8 X 
(x) Painting specification 3 A 8 X 
(x) Instruction for chemical cleaning , if any 3 R 10 X 
(x) Packing sketch & Specification 3 A 12 X 
(x) Instruction for transportation & storing  3 R 12 - 
(x) Instruction for bolt tightening  3 R 12 X 
(x) Spare parts list for commissioning 3 I 12 X 
(x) Spare parts list for 2-year operation 3 I 12 X 
(x) Operation and Maintenance Manual 3 R 12 X 
(x) Guarantee certificate for Equipment 3 I 14 X 
(x) Manufacturers Data Report (MDR) 6 R 4 weeks after shipment X 
(x) Final Document 6 R 4 weeks after shipment  
 
 
Notes : 1. Issuing status for vendor Drawings / documents is described as following 
 A : For Approval I : For Information R : For Review 
 
 2. Before commence the welding work 
  
 
